notes.md, before:

## FOLDERS

1. ### *views* - this will be the location of the .html files that we will be using in our application
2. ### _public_ - this will be the location of the .css, client side .js & image files that we use in our application
3. ### *data* - this will be a temporary source of static data (JSON) for our application

## *Important
### For uploading Node.js File to local server or to cloud - [click here](https://cloudinary.com/blog/node_js_file_upload_to_a_local_server_or_to_the_cloud)

### We use app.engine to match a specific view extension with a template engine. For example if you want to map all html view templates to a specific engine you would register it here.

## OBJECTIVE
1. We are making a functioning web-based Music Application capable of responding to request for content, reacting predictably to errors and storing/retrieving user information and application data.
2. We will be studying how web browsers send data to and from a web server.
3. How we can ensure that our applications are scalable, secure and robust. 
4. We will also study methods of storing and retrieving data from a data store (SQL & NoSQL Databases)
5. How to manage state (ie: “logged-in”) information about users.

Commit message:

added a new note about async/await

notes.md, after:

## FOLDERS

1. ### *views* - this will be the location of the .html files that we will be using in our application
2. ### _public_ - this will be the location of the .css, client side .js & image files that we use in our application
3. ### *data* - this will be a temporary source of static data (JSON) for our application

## *Important
### For uploading Node.js File to local server or to cloud - [click here](https://cloudinary.com/blog/node_js_file_upload_to_a_local_server_or_to_the_cloud)

### We use app.engine to match a specific view extension with a template engine. For example if you want to map all html view templates to a specific engine you would register it here.

### Async means asynchronous. It allows a program to run a function without freezing the entire program. This is done using the Async/Await keyword.

Async/Await makes it easier to write promises. The keyword ‘async’ before a function makes the function return a promise, always. And the keyword await is used inside async functions, which makes the program wait until the Promise resolves.

## OBJECTIVE
1. We are making a functioning web-based Music Application capable of responding to request for content, reacting predictably to errors and storing/retrieving user information and application data.
2. We will be studying how web browsers send data to and from a web server.
3. How we can ensure that our applications are scalable, secure and robust. 
4. We will also study methods of storing and retrieving data from a data store (SQL & NoSQL Databases)
5. How to manage state (ie: “logged-in”) information about users.
